[DOC] Add bingo rules (#5)
process-analytics/pa-technical-challenge: README.md

You work on a new Open Source project as a frontend developer. This project is destined to the Bingo players.

Your mission, if you accept it, is to create a new library, and a demonstrator of this library to permit the Bingo players to display a new grid with random numbers, add a new token on a square, and change the background & add an interaction when a row/column is completed.

## Bingo rules
### Presentation of the game

> Bingo is a game of chance played with 90 balls, numbered from 1 to 90, where the drawn numbers are announced one after the other.  \

Reviewer: ❓ If you took the following or inspired from a site, could you add a link to it for more details? Otherwise, this is fine like this.

Author: There is different rules. I mixed them to simplify the implementation.
I started from the American rules, but in thoses rules, the numbers go to 75 and the centered square is a Star.

Use the previous library to demonstrate the rendering of all its functionalities.

- Display a new grid with random numbers on each square
- Add an interaction: When the user clicks on a square, a new token must appear on it.

> - Add an interaction: When the user clicks on a square and the row is completed, the color of the background of the whole row must be changed. \
>   Add the interaction that you want to congratulate the user.
> - Add an interaction: When the user clicks on a square and the column is completed, the color of the background of the whole column must be changed. \
>   Add the interaction that you want to congratulate the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an interaction: When the user clicks on a square and the row is completed, the color of the background of the whole row must be changed.
- Add an interaction: When the user clicks on a square and the column is completed, the color of the background of the whole column must be changed.
- When the user wins: implement whatever you want to let him/her know he has just won (congratulations are welcome).
```

  <p align="center">
    <img title="Column" src="images/column.png">
  </p>
  
**Bonus**:

> - Add an interaction: When the user clicks on a square and the diagonal is completed, the color of the background of the whole diagonal must be changed. \
>   Add the interaction that you want to congratulate the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an interaction: When the user clicks on a square and the diagonal is completed, the color of the background of the whole diagonal must be changed.
```
